All right.
Let's start working on the ability to list create edit and delete all these different products and get
started.
I'll go back over to my editor right now inside of our project directory.
We've got a root's folder with an adamant directory inside of it and then inside there is the off dot
J.S. file.
We're now starting to work on a feature that is totally unrelated to authentication.
So I think that all these routes around managing the user's ability to add products listings and so
on should be placed into a separate file.
Also inside the admin directory inside my admin folder I'll make a new file called products dot J.S.
and inside of here we're going to set up some very similar code to what we put inside of opt J.S..
So some stuff around creating a router associating some roots with it.
We're going to eventually export the router and wire up that router to our index dot j ust file just
like we did with the author or previously so let's get to it inside of the new products such as file.
I'm going to first require an express
well then create a new router so remember that's going to be express dot router with the capital R for
then go into associates or stub out a couple of different root handlers right away.
So let's talk about the different route handlers that we're going to need.
First off we need a route to list out all the different products that's going to be one we're going
to need a route to show a form that allows the user to create a new product.
We need to allow the user to submit this form so that's three we need to allow editing that's for we
need to allow submitting and editing forum that's five.
And then finally we need to allow deletion of a product as well that's six so six routes in total.
Right now we're just going to worry about the listing and the new route as well it's going to set up
router dot get slash admin slash products.
So this is going to be the root handler that we will use to list out all the different products to an
administrator.
We'll come back and fill in some implementation just a bit right now.
We'll leave that as is next up we'll add in the get handler for showing a form to create a brand new
product so I'll say router dot get and we're going to show that form to a user anytime that they make
a get request to slash admin slash products slash new so put in rec and rez like so that we still have
several other routes to associate.
But for right now like I said these are the two that we're going to focus on at the bottom we'll then
do a module that exports of router are going to save this file on and go back to my index dot J.S. file
at the very top right after all the router I'm going to require in my products router
and then we will make sure that we associate this thing with our app.
So right after the existing Apple use app router or off the router we'll do app dot use products router
as well okay.
So that's all the setup we really need for right now.
Now one thing I want to note is that if we open up our browser and tried to access either of these routes
the browser is just going to hang.
And the reason for that is that Express is going to call our function right here but our function never
actually sends a response back to the browser the browser is just going to hang until eventually times
out.
So if it seems like nothing works right now related to these routes that's totally fine okay.
So quick pause right here.
When we come back the next video we're gonna start to add in the ability for a user or an administrator
in this case to create brand new products.